You got chrome for a brain?
Go back to Atlanta, you wuss.
Looks like they drilled the jack just a little too deep.
I've taken dumps more impressive than you.
Wannabe.
The barrel points THAT way.
A chop shop wouldn't take your ugly ass.
Your mom must have really pissed off God.
You couldn't run a microwave.
I see you paid a visit Stu's Discount Rent A Brain.
And I assume your street name is "Duh?".
Nice gun....Toys R Us?
Accident at the body shop?
My mom apologizes for beating you up last night.
Nerves of steel, mind of lead.
Nice face. Remember: 1. Retract spurs. 2: Scratch nose.
I checked BKK's Glossary. Guess whose picture was under "idiot?"
A few bullets short of a clip.
I'm getting real tired of kicking your ass.
I thought we pretty much got rid of that lead problem.
Heard you were stupid. I'll never doubt rumor again.
If I gave you a penny for your thoughts I'd get change.
The zoo's gotta start being more careful with their animals.
You're an insult to the profession. Any profession.
Halloween already?
Sheeesh.
I didn't know the circus was in town.
I feel great pity towards your parents.
Let me guess, Zero K memory?
With one more neuron, you'd have a synapse.
You'd need help to drool.
That's your face? I thought you'd learned to balance mirror-shades on your butt!
Bet you don't eat eggs because of those "This is your brain..." ads.
Still beta-testing that neural software?
See, that's what happens when the warranty expires.
Warning: Objects behind mirror-shades are dumber than they appear.
I'll bet you use two hands to eat with chopsticks.
Man, that must have really taxed all three of your neurons.
Do you trip over cordless phones, too?
Great response time! Was that 5 baud or 10?
Yep, the result of years of careful inbreeding.
You've got the perfect personality to write software help files.
Oh sure, when the going got weird, you turned pro.
You know, the only place you're ever invited is "to step outside."
The definitive answer is: His glass is half empty.
Teflon brain -- nothing sticks.
I see you're still suffering from Clue Deficit Disorder.
Do you have the same problem with child-proof tops?
Spent a decade on the leading edge of drug experimentation, didn't you?
What's the matter, solid concrete from the eyebrows back?
Man you're so far gone, you'd have to take hard drugs just to mimic a personality.
Say, did your parents live over a radium mine?
Yep: single-sided, low density.
Should have worn that safety helmet as a kid.
You'll be fine as soon as virtual reality arrives.
Bet you wear that pony tail to cover up your valve-stem.
Seven cans short of a six-pack.
Some settling must have occurred during shipping and handling.
You should've been the poster child for vasectomy.
Not dumb, just intellectually challenged.
You'd make a fine screensaver (good looking, but totally useless).
Been sitting under the ozone hole again?
You're just twisted 90 degrees from the rest of us, aren't you?
Nothing wrong with you that a nice cement enema couldn't fix.
Man, you run squares around the competition.
Doesn't have all of the dots on his dice.
Great microprocessor...Intel 286 ?
Sleeping a little too close to your radium-dial watch?
I thank you for NOT having any offspring.
You're relatively three-dimensional, as fictional characters go.
...cruising right along at 300 baud.
What'd you do, slot a blank skillsoft?
You qualify for the mental express lane -- five thoughts or less.
Plenty of myelin -- not enough neurons.
You're as bright as a solar-powered flashlight.
Living proof that God has a sense of humor.
I think the rest of us are really at risk from second-hand stupidity.
Man, you're waaay overdue for a good reincarnation.
I'll bet you over-run above 110 baud.
Parallel mind, serial world.
Ugly from the hair down.
You really ought to come with a warning label on your forehead.
Your outlet isn't grounded & it shows.
Just stuck in stand-by mode, aren't you?
Lemme guess, "Post-Traumatic Drek Disorder?"
You're about one volt below threshold.
Living proof of de-evolution.
You're almost as powerful as a solar-cell in a darkroom.
You always were one revision behind.
You're sharp as a skeinsuit.
What would you call that, informationally deprived?
Man, in your optimum environment, you'd be locked in a life & death struggle with mushrooms.
One of the early failures of electroshock therapy.
Neat, where'd you get the wind-up cyberlimbs?
Well you're sure immune to any serious head injuries.
In a tub of Preparation H, you'd shrink down to thumb size.
Proof of Einstein's theory that 'there's no limit to human stupidity.'
You're about one tile short of a successful re-entry.
Doesn't look like your head's fully inflated to 90 PSI.
Well, don't let ME bother you, Mr. I'm-in-the-middle-of-a-software-reformat.
A mere brainwave away from doing us all a favor.
Ah, the perils of too many cold solder joints.
Operating system coded in WOM? (Write-Only Memory)
If what you don't know can't hurt you, you're practically in-fraggin'-vulnerable!
Not much to show for four billion years of evoultion, are you?
If you were any dumber you'd be a green plant.
One node short of a network.
Nothing that a little remedial evolution won't cure.
Looks like your bioware's rejecting your body.
Just not the same since they took you off the medication.
Not enough brain cells for the Prozac to take effect, huh?
How do you get your neurons to fire non-sequencially like that?
Bet you'd need an operating manual for a screwdriver, too.
You're about nineteen cents short of a paradigm.
Your monorail doesn't quite make it to the Space Needle.
I see you missed your last four scheduled tune-ups.
Luckily your type normally kills itself before reproducing. That's evolution in action.
Bet you search for the "Any" key, too.
A mind like a steel sieve.
I can tell that you levelled off before reaching cruise altitude.
I think you'll find this NatVat stuff tastes better if you add the water first.
Bet you can back up your memory to a single floppy.
Jeeze, if the Style Police ever caught you, you'd be found guilty without hope of parole.
I got shirts with higher IQ's than you.
Lemme guess, your totem's a three-toed sloth?
Keywords: generalizations, clue, get
I find it really hard to believe you beat 100,000 other sperm.
Way to go, ace!
If ignorance were bliss, you'd be orgasmic.
If your INT was two points higher, you'd be a rock.
Just what the frag IS your purpose in life -- to balance out the bell curve?!
Bet they can graph your brain's activity with a single dot.
Sounds like your finals are burned out.
You're about one brain-cell away from being a talking monkey.
Does your head need another periodic whack?
Balsawood cyberlimbs? -- an idea truly ahead of its time.
Your ancestors came to this country looking for bananas, didn't they?
Oh, the wonders of a two-bit microprocessor.
You're so dense, even light bends around you.
Truly a man of few words. Betcha don't know what either one of them means.
Do you get confused by a two-button mouse, too?
Oooh! You've got the mental agility of a soap dish.
What, is your new memory FINO? (first in, never out)
Yea, I know, I know -- random memory fault.
You're not a complete idiot -- you've got a few parts missing.
Say, were you ever fired from Nukit Burgers?
Gee, you're about as focused as a 12-guage.
You know, guillotining you would only make an aesthetic difference.
Must be suffering from delusions of adequacy, again.
What's the matter, your folks get stuck at the shallow end of the gene pool?
Personally, I'd have put it on safe, THEN cleared the stoppage.
Still more evidence of that missing link theory.
Figures, only you'd be stupid enough to bring a knife to a gun-fight.
Funny, I don't remember seeing, "trouble with doors" on your résumé.
You've got the IQ of a salad bar.
Those aren't spots in front of your eyes, you idiot -- it's a CROSSHAIR !
How could you miss a stationary target at point-blank?
Awww, you haven't even got two neurons to rub together.
Well, no need to worry about excess knowledge build-up.
During evolution, were your ancestors in the control group?
Cranio-rectally inverted.
You do the work of three men -- Larry, Moe & Curly.
Given the choice of going with you or to the dentist's, he wins 'hands down.'
Do you always keep your CPU in power-saver mode?
You couldn't tell which way the turbo-lift was going with two guesses.
Boy, were you ever born ugly & built to last!
I think you've taken a few too many shots to the head.
Aren't you really just an experiment in artificial stupidity?
At your family's reunions, bet you're about as popular as a French kiss.
Say, is Barney still your hero?
You could be outwitted by a jar of Marshmallow Fluff.
Have you been playing in the pharmacy section again?
Another bio-engineering prototype that shouldn't have been shipped.
Hey, another prime candidate for natural de-selection.
You've got an intellect rivaled only by garden tools.
A perfect example of how dinosaurs survived for millions of years with walnut-sized brains.
If I didn't know better, I say aliens zapped you with a stupidity ray -- twice!
A walking arugment for birth control.
All the personality of a bowl of oatmeal.
Your mind's like wet tennis shoes -- makes squishy noises when running.
Time to beat feet! This time spit out your gum first.
Body by Fisher - brains by Mattel.
Just another sad victim of retroactive birth-control.
Do you have to buy two tickets at the zoo (--one to get in & one to get out) ?
Betcha wear that hat to hide your circumcision scar.
Did your parents stand you on your soft spot as a baby?
You know, you'd make an excellent illustration in a proctology textbook.
You have all the social skils of Night with the command skill of Phrase.
Zwitter!!
You make about as much sense as Dis 1.
Ever flown a Tac Scout and *not* bounced off every rock in the sector?
There's more to Alleg than flying around nanning rocks you know?
You are to dumb what MadPeople is to spam.
You're about as much use as regular Troop Transports.
You're about as quick as an EoR cruiser.
You have all the subtlty of a Belter ship.
Even GigaCorp think you have no morals.
You're about as quick as Bios research.
You're so stupid that you think IC Exp isn't cheese aren't you?
You make Phrase look competent.
Outwitted by miner AI again? Sad really...
You're so dumb that even *I* am insulting you.
SRM been handing out stupid pills again have they?
Opinion is divided on whether or not you're stupid, you on one side, the rest of the world on the other.
If you were a TF you'd be Artificial Stupidity.
You're so mindblowingly moronic that you probably can't even work out that Raveen@Rt and Rav@Alleg are the same person.
Did you boot up in write-only mode today?
Your best pickup line is "Hey baby, does this rag smell like chloroform to you?"
You are depriving a village somewhere of an idiot.
You are a gross ignoramus - 144 times worse than an ordinary ignoramus.
Delusions of adequacy.
I hear you're looking for a woman with chemistry. How *is* the chloroform working, anyway?
If I had a nickel for every time you had sex, I'd have four cents.
Some people play hard to get, you play hard to want.
I hear you ate a whole can of alphabet soup trying to find the G spot.
You're so bad in bed tickle me elmo has to fake it.
I hear you like your dates like you like your goldfish: baked and with a cheesy aftertaste.
If you were any looser, your DNA would unravel.
Despite what you're thinking, a condominium is NOT a prophylactic in your size.
Your girlfriend is so buck-toothed she can eat an apple through a picket fence.
You ought to get a new tattoo. Right below your belly button. I reccommend "Consumer Alert Warning: Small parts. May be harmful if swallowed".
You were so ugly at birth that they put tinted windows in your incubator.
You're so stupid that you thought Gonnorhea was one of King Lear's daughters.
You're so disgusting that even a mosquito would rather spit than swallow.
I hear you're just like a can of coca-cola. A couple of good shakes and you explode all over the place.