Always remember to pillage BEFORE you burn.
Do not touch anything unnecessarily. Beware of pretty girls in dance halls and parks who may be spies, as well as bicycles, revolvers, uniforms, arms, dead horses, and men lying on roads -- they are not there accidentally. - Soviet infantry manual, issued in the 1930's
One of the serious problems in planning the fight against American doctrine, is that the Americans do not read their manuals, nor do they feel any obligation to follow their doctrine...
- From a Soviet Junior Lt's Notebook
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step, and a lot of bitching.
Interdum feror cupidine partium magnarum Europae vincendarum - Sometimes I get this urge to conquer large parts of Europe.
Cum catapultae proscriptae erunt tum soli proscript catapultas habebunt. - When catapults are outlawed, only outlaws will have catapults.
Catapultam habeo. Nisi pecuniam omnem mihi dabis, ad caput tuum saxum immane mittam. - I have a catapult. Give me all the money, or I will fling an enormous rock at your head.
"No flying machine will ever fly from New York to Paris." - Orville Wright.
"Samuel Morse must have lost his mind if he believes in this idea himself!" - Senator Oliver Hampton Smith, (1842) after having seen a demonstration of Morse's new invention.
"Radio is just a fashion contrivance that will soon die out. It is obvious that there never will be invented a proper receiver!" - Thomas Edison
Friendly fire - isn't.
Recoilless rifles - aren't.
Suppressive fires - won't.
You are not Superman; Marines and fighter pilots take note.
A sucking chest wound is Nature's way of telling you to slow down.
If it's stupid but it works, it isn't stupid.
Try to look unimportant; the enemy may be low on ammo and not want to waste a bullet on you.
If at first you don't succeed, call in an airstrike.
If you are forward of your position, your artillery will fall short.
Never share a foxhole with anyone braver than yourself.
Never go to bed with anyone crazier than yourself.
Never forget that your weapon was made by the lowest bidder.
If your attack is going really well, it's an ambush.
The enemy diversion you're ignoring is their main attack.
The enemy invariably attacks on two occasions: when they're ready. & when you're not. 
No OPLAN ever survives initial contact.
There is no such thing as a perfect plan.
Five second fuses always burn three seconds.
There is no such thing as an atheist in a foxhole.
A retreating enemy is probably just falling back and regrouping.
The important things are always simple; the simple are always hard.
The easy way is always mined.
Teamwork is essential; it gives the enemy other people to shoot at.
Don't look conspicuous; it draws fire. For this reason, it is not at all uncommon for aircraft carriers to be known as bomb magnets.
Never draw fire; it irritates everyone around you.
If you are short of everything but the enemy, you are in the combat zone.
When you have secured the area, make sure the enemy knows it too.
Incoming fire has the right of way.
No combat ready unit has ever passed inspection.
No inspection ready unit has ever passed combat.
If the enemy is within range, so are you.
The only thing more accurate than incoming enemy fire is incoming friendly fire.
Things which must be shipped together as a set, aren't.
Things that must work together, can't be carried to the field that way.
Radios will fail as soon as you need fire support.
Radar tends to fail at night and in bad weather, and especially during both.
Anything you do can get you killed, including nothing.
Make it too tough for the enemy to get in, and you won't be able to get out.
Tracers work both ways.
If you take more than your fair share of objectives, you will get more than your fair share of objectives to take.
When both sides are convinced they're about to lose, they're both right.
Professional soldiers are predictable; the world is full of dangerous amateurs.
Military Intelligence is a contradiction.
Fortify your front; you'll get your rear shot up.
Weather ain't neutral.
If you can't remember, the Claymore is pointed towards you.
Air defense motto: shoot 'em down; sort 'em out on the ground.
'Flies high, it dies; low and slow, it'll go.
The Cavalry doesn't always come to the rescue.
Napalm is an area support weapon.
Mines are equal opportunity weapons.
B-52s are the ultimate close support weapon.
Sniper's motto: reach out and touch someone.
The one item you need is always in short supply.
Interchangeable parts aren't.
It's not the one with your name on it; it's the one addressed "to whom it may concern" you've got to think about.
When in doubt, empty your magazine.
The side with the simplest uniforms wins.
Combat will occur on the ground between two adjoining maps.
If you can keep your head while those around you are losing theirs, you may have misjudged the situation.
If two things are required to make something work, they will never be shipped together.
Anything you do can get you shot, including nothing.
Whenever you lose contact with the enemy, look behind you.
The most dangerous thing in the combat zone is an officer with a map.
The quartermaster has only two sizes, too large and too small.
If you really need an officer in a hurry, take a nap.
There is nothing more satisfying than having someone take a shot at you, and miss.
If your sergeant can see you, so can the enemy.
You'll only remember your hand grenades when the sound is too close to use them.
Close only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades.
Well…It could be worse: It could be raining…and we could be out in it.
So he said, "Cheer up: it could be worse!" So we cheered up. And it got worse.
The side with the simplest uniform wins...
The spare batteries for the PRC-whatever your troops have been carrying are either nearly dead or for the wrong radio.
The ping you heard was the antenna snapping off at 6 inches above the flexmount, while a fire mission was being called in on a battalion of hostiles who know your position.
Why is it the CO sticks his head in your radio hooch to see if anything has come down from DIV when you are listening to the VOA broadcasting the baseball games?
How come you are on one frequency when everyone else is on another?
Why does your 500-watt VRC-26 (real old) not make it across 200 miles while a ham with 50 watts on the same MARS frequency can be heard from Stateside?
Know why short RTOs have long whips on their radios? So someone can find them when they step in deep water.
The enemy "always" times his attack, to the second you drop your pants in the Latrine!! 
The ammo you need "NOW"!! is on the "next" airdrop!!
Inform all the troops that communications have completely broken down!
I drink to make other people interesting - Groucho Marx
A bore is a man who deprives of of solitude without providing you with company.
I still miss my ex-wife, but my aim is improving.
Why is it that when we talk to God we're said to be praying, but when God talks to us we're schitzophrenic? -- Lily Tomlin
What happens if you get scared half to death twice?
Deja Moo: The feeling you've heard this bullshit before.
Learn from your parents' mistakes: Use birth control.
I have opinions of my own - strong opinions - but I don't always agree with them. -- George Bush, US President
What do Eskimos get from sitting on the ice too long? Polaroids.
Few women admit their age.  Few men act theirs.
Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't.
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
Just remember...if the world didn't suck, we'd all fall off.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them.
Random number generation is too important a task to be left to chance!
The box said 'Requires Windows 98 or better.' So I installed LINUX.
You can lead a horse to water but .... how?
It's always darkest before .... daylight savings time.
When the blind leadeth the blind.........get out of the way.
You can't teach a new mouse old clicks.
Windows will never cease.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day; teach him to use the Net and he won't bother you for weeks.
In a Tokyo Hotel:  Is forbidden to steal hotel towels please. If you are not a person to do such a thing please not to read notice. 
A fool and his money are soon partying.
Alcohol and calculus don't mix.  Never drink and derive.
In a Belgrade hotel elevator:  To move the cabin, push button for wishing floor. If the cabin should enter more persons, each one should press a number of wishing floor. Driving is then going alphabetically by national order.
In a Paris hotel elevator:  Please leave your values at the front desk.
In a hotel in Athens:  Visitors are expected to complain at the office between the hours of 9 and 11 A.M. daily.
In a Japanese hotel: You are invited to take advantage of the chambermaid.
In the lobby of a Moscow hotel across from Russian Orthodox monastery:  You are welcome to visit the cemetary where famous Russian and Soviet composers, artists, and writers are buried daily except Thursday.
On the menu of a Swiss restaurant:  Our wines leave you nothing to hope for. 
In an Austrian hotel catering to skiers:  Not to perambulate the corridors during the hours of repose in the boots of ascension.
It isn't pollution that's harming the environment. It's the impurities in our air and water that are doing it -- Dan Quayle
On the menu of a Polish hotel:  Salad a firm's own make; limpid red beet soup with cheesy dumplings in the form of a finger; roasted duck let loose; beef rashers beaten up in the country people's fashion.
Marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. Second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience.  -- Oscar Wilde (1854-1900)
In a Rhodes tailor shop:  Order your summers suit. Because is big rush we will execute customers in strict rotation. 
Time is what keeps things from happening all at once.
In a Zurich hotel:  Because of the impropriety of entertaining guests of the opposite sex in the bedroom, it is suggested that the lobby be used for this purpose. 
Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at maths.
The sum of the intelligence on Earth is constant, but the population is increasing.
Money couldn't but friends, but you get a better class of enemy. -- Spike Milligan
In a Bangkok temple:   It is forbidden to enter a woman even a foreigner if dressed as a man.
In a Copenhagen airline ticket office:   We take your bags and send them in all directions. 
Diplomacy is the art of letting someone else get your way.
In the office of a Roman doctor:  Specialist in women and other diseases.
From a brochure of a car rental firm in Tokyo:  When passenger of foot heave in sight, tootle the horn. Trumpet him melodiously at first, but if he still obstacles your passage then tootle him with vigor.